README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/devugees/digital-notice-board.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/devugees/digital-notice-board)

## Synopsis

This is the Digital Career Institute Dashboard. It has plenty of modules which loop automatically through and inform the audience about upcoming events, github activity or little code snippets.

## Code Example

Stack:
1. React
1. NodeJS
1. MongoDB

## Motivation

A short description of the motivation behind the creation and maintenance of the project. This should explain **why** the project exists.

## Installation

Start frontend
`cd frontend && yarn start`

Start backend
`cd backend && npm run server`



## API Reference

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

## Tests

Describe and show how to run the tests with code examples.

## Contributors

Let people know how they can dive into the project, include important links to things like issue trackers, irc, twitter accounts if applicable.

## License

A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache, etc.)

Commit message:

update README with test instructions

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/devugees/digital-notice-board.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/devugees/digital-notice-board)

## Synopsis

This is the Digital Career Institute Dashboard. It has plenty of modules which loop automatically through and inform the audience about upcoming events, github activity or little code snippets.

## Code Example

Stack:
1. React
1. NodeJS
1. MongoDB

## Motivation

A short description of the motivation behind the creation and maintenance of the project. This should explain **why** the project exists.

## Installation

Start frontend
`cd frontend && yarn start`

Start backend
`cd backend && npm run server`




## API Reference

Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.

## Tests
Test files are next to the components.

Eg: `Video.js` and `Video.test.js`

Run test suite locally

`npm run tests`

Everytime when you push you see the [TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org/devugees/digital-notice-board) build running all tests.
 This badge shows the build status for the development branch [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/devugees/digital-notice-board.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/devugees/digital-notice-board)



## Contributors

Let people know how they can dive into the project, include important links to things like issue trackers, irc, twitter accounts if applicable.

## License

A short snippet describing the license (MIT, Apache, etc.)
